By my elephant and dog
Our heroes do business to give you face.
Release Mr. Park soon
This is the nobility of our country
Do you hear me? Let go
Ah!
Big Lower Dog
Let go of me
Offend a noble university merchant
You don't want this game agency
Yes!
Not to mention a small game agency
It's you, Actor
I can take it if I want
We at Ahto Group
Use the rainbow floating world commemorative empty drum high above
One hundred billion won
You wait for me.
This is a diplomatic accident for me
You wait. You're finished.
Can you say that again?
What is our big summer?
Local dogs, we are all local dogs in Great Xia
It's nobody's local dog
Okay, then I will send you another famous saying from Daxia.
This can't be humiliated
Hey, send me a message in the name of your ghost hand.
The company that acquired Akka
Shorted the shares of Pushi Group
Who contributed to the crime
You can get a ghost hand once.
The opportunity to trade stocks in person